_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

This is the front page of my personal website to detail and present personal research topics and analyses of interest.

Research interests
======


Other interest
======
Here's a bunch of other stuff.

Site-wide configuration
------
The main configuration file for the site is in the base directory in [_config.yml](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/blob/master/_config.yml), which defines the content in the sidebars and other site-wide features. You will need to replace the default variables with ones about yourself and your site's github repository. The configuration file for the top menu is in [_data/navigation.yml](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/blob/master/_data/navigation.yml). For example, if you don't have a portfolio or blog posts, you can remove those items from that navigation.yml file to remove them from the header. 

Create content & metadata
------
For site content, there is one markdown file for each type of content, which are stored in directories like _publications, _talks, _posts, _teaching, or _pages. For example, each talk is a markdown file in the [_talks directory](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/tree/master/_talks). At the top of each markdown file is structured data in YAML about the talk, which the theme will parse to do lots of cool stuff. The same structured data about a talk is used to generate the list of talks on the [Talks page](https://academicpages.github.io/talks), each [individual page](https://academicpages.github.io/talks/2012-03-01-talk-1) for specific talks, the talks section for the [CV page](https://academicpages.github.io/cv), and the [map of places you've given a talk](https://academicpages.github.io/talkmap.html) (if you run this [python file](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/blob/master/talkmap.py) or [Jupyter notebook](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/blob/master/talkmap.ipynb), which creates the HTML for the map based on the contents of the _talks directory).

**Markdown generator**

I have also created [a set of Jupyter notebooks](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/tree/master/markdown_generator
) that converts a CSV containing structured data about talks or presentations into individual markdown files that will be properly formatted for the academicpages template. The sample CSVs in that directory are the ones I used to create my own personal website at stuartgeiger.com. My usual workflow is that I keep a spreadsheet of my publications and talks, then run the code in these notebooks to generate the markdown files, then commit and push them to the GitHub repository.

How to edit your site's GitHub repository
------
Many people use a git client to create files on their local computer and then push them to GitHub's servers. If you are not familiar with git, you can directly edit these configuration and markdown files directly in the github.com interface. Navigate to a file (like [this one](https://github.com/academicpages/academicpages.github.io/blob/master/_talks/2012-03-01-talk-1.md) and click the pencil icon in the top right of the content preview (to the right of the "Raw | Blame | History" buttons). You can delete a file by clicking the trashcan icon to the right of the pencil icon. You can also create new files or upload files by navigating to a directory and clicking the "Create new file" or "Upload files" buttons. 

Example: editing a markdown file for a talk
![Editing a markdown file for a talk](/images/editing-talk.png)

For more info
------
More info about configuring academicpages can be found in [the guide](https://academicpages.github.io/markdown/). The [guides for the Minimal Mistakes theme](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/configuration/) (which this theme was forked from) might also be helpful.

Commit message:

one teaching and big  change to AboutMe

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

This is the front page of my personal website to detail and present personal research topics and analyses of interest.

Research interests
======

Models of Decision Making
-------------------------
Recent developements have allowed for the computational modeling of human decisions. A large part of my research interests revolve around testing these models to better understand what internal processes might be at work as we evaluate different options. In particular, I am interested in how people make decisions under unkown risks (or ambiguity) and how our perceptions about what the likely risks are influences our decisions. Question? Question? Question?
 (See link to tutorial using PyMC)


Functional Connectivity and Rewards
-----------------------------------
The striatum and prefrontal cortex have been strongly chacterized as regions which encode the subjective value of rewards. However, these regions do not work isolated from each other but rather in tandem. There are a strong set of white matter tracts which organize the structural connections between the striatum and prefrontal cortex and the coactivation of these regions in response to rewards suggests that they share information during the valuation and processing of rewards. What kind of information is shared? Why do we need two regions to process different rewards?

Neuro-imaging Methods
---------------------
Much of my work involves the neural processing of rewards and how that processing affects the kinds of decisions we make. Neuroimaging through (functional)MRI has been a strong tool to help understand those neural processes. However, the techniques for acquiring and analyzing MRI data are evolving as well. My research both utilizes contemporary techniques, like using tensorial ICA to characterize individual differences, and studies them, like analyzing difference in statistical power when using multi-echo aquisition.

Other interest
======
Asides from my research I have

Music
-----
I was classically taught both piano and guitar. I continue to play both in my free time.

Board Games
-----------
Some of the most fun I have had is taking a whole night playing a table-top RPG with my friends. I like to play games like DND, Pandemic, and One Night Werewolf.
